Add reviewing info (#1880)
exercism/problem-specifications: README.md

Please see the [contributing guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Reviewing Guidelines

Pull Requests to this repo require three approving reviews to be merged.

- If you think that a PR should not be merged, either as is or in general, please leave a review **requesting changes**.
  - This will block the PR from being merged until the change request has been addressed or overruled by an admin.
  - Please also use the Request Changes button if you are unsure about how a concern of yours could be resolved.

>   - This ensures that your thoughts will be heard and can be addressed rather than being overruled by a majority.

Reviewer: This list has items which are not of equal "list-indentness" in terms of information. I don't know how to solve, but right now it seems wrong 😅

Reviewer 2: How about... Might be too much, but nested does seem a bit better for which points are "main" vs "follow-on"

-----

Pull Requests to this repo require three approving reviews to be merged.

- If you think that a PR should not be merged, either as is or in general, please leave a review **requesting changes**.
- Please also use the **Request Changes** button if you are unsure about how a concern of yours could be resolved.
    - This will block the PR from being merged until the change request has been addressed / overruled by an admin.

    - It ensures that your thoughts will be heard and can be addressed rather than being overruled by a majority.
    - When a discussion goes stale or there are several opposing views and a compromise cannot be reached, ping [@ErikSchierboom](https://github.com/ErikSchierboom/) to resolve the discussion.

Author: > When a discussion goes stale or there are several opposing views and a compromise cannot be reached, ping @ErikSchierboom to resolve the discussion.

This point is not linked to change requests, imo, so it should be on the higher level. Otherwise that change would be fine with me.

> - When a discussion goes stale or there are several opposing views and a compromise cannot be reached, ping [@ErikSchierboom](https://github.com/ErikSchierboom/) to resolve the discussion.

Reviewer 3: Let's make it the maintainers-admin group to futureproof having other people in that alongside Erik, and also so things get to me if he's on holiday etc. I don't think there's a great link for that, so I've removed it, but I have no problem with some link being added back if appropriate.

```suggestion
- When a discussion goes stale or there are several opposing views and a compromise cannot be reached, ping @exercism/maintainers-admin to resolve the discussion.
```

Author: I've added a link to the team page
